Docs: add featuretoggle introduction for `onlyExternalOrgRoleSync` in org roles management (#65264)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/user-management/manage-org-users/index.md

Update user permissions when you want to enhance or restrict a user's access to organization resources. For more information about organization permissions, refer to [Organization roles]({{< relref "../../roles-and-permissions/#organization-roles" >}}).

> > **Note:** Users who logged in using an authentication provider have their organization roles synced from the provider. If you want to be able to change the organization role for users logged in from authentication providers refer to the `skip_org_role_sync` setting in your Grafana configuration. See configuration [skip org role sync]({{< relref "../../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#authgrafana_com-skip_org_role_sync" >}}) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you use an authentication provider, organization roles sync from the provider each time you sign in to Grafana. If you want to change the organization role for users logged in from authentication providers, refer to the `skip_org_role_sync` setting in your Grafana configuration. Refer to [skip org role sync]({{< relref "../../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#authgrafana_com-skip_org_role_sync" >}}) for more information.
```

Author: > regardless of their role in the authentication provider

> regardless of their organization role in the authentication provider

Update user permissions when you want to enhance or restrict a user's access to organization resources. For more information about organization permissions, refer to [Organization roles]({{< relref "../../roles-and-permissions/#organization-roles" >}}).

> > **Note:** As of Grafana 9.5, we have introduced a feature toggle `onlyExternalOrgRoleSync` disabling the ability for synced users to change their organizational roles during a login session.

Reviewer: Will the org administrator be able to change that feature toggle or is that only something a sys admin can do? I'm asking because the topic you want to add this to is written for org admins, so they might think they have permission to change the toggle.

Author: Only the sys admin would be able to change these feature toggles, it's only available in the configuration file or via a support ticket to support on cloud.
